Visitors who come into cells can look forward to seeing it here
find idiosyncratic atmosphere here
warm hospitality the special percent brings it if that's it
The house has been in use for quite a while now since 1873
fifth generation
it is a house in which all generations feel well we have a lot
many families with children beside it also the parents and grandparents thereby each
Guest who comes here when feels feels light by the atmosphere
which prevails in our house
Deacon rooms are very comfortably furnished
The motto of our house is that the guests should arrive here
somehow so easy
I could breathe deeply and let Hong Kong pamper here
if there are possibilities here in our house who once in refuge
the special tension in our wellness percent find the
Guests will be matched with local produce for the body
These products are processed per cent for beauty care
Packaging and for cosmetic applications with it the skin especially
tender and
becomes velvety and soft
Here in the hotel Eden is very important to the nature
he offers just with the Lüneburg Heath for
Much on which one can then use as well in the kitchen then around
fresh green vegetables come from it the heather potatoes are very well known
then of course he has everything around the Heidschnucke
Everybody from the region brings us their picture the weather in percent fresh
process so it is very important to us
Coming home with our region to be connected here